Memory Management Reflection

Memory Leak Observations
A memory leak happened in the memory_leak_demo() function 
beacuase memory was allocated with malloc() but was never
released with free(). The specific line that caused the
allocation was int *temp_item = (int*)malloc(1000 * sizeof(int));.
This code runs inside a loop that repeats 1,000 times. Each time
the loop runs, another 1,000 integers are allocated, but the memory
is not returned. This means the program continues using more
memory even thoigh it is no longer using the old data. If this
happened for days, the program could eventually use a very large
amount of available memory. This could slow down the server or
even cause the program to crash.
The fixed version solves the problem by adding free(temp_item);
after the memory is used. This tells the computer that the memory
is no longer needed an can be used again. It will no longer keep
all 1,000 allocations in memory, each allocation is released before
the next iteration. It shows why it is important to pair memory
allocation with memory deallocation when working with C. 

Python vs C Memory Management
Python handles many memory managment tasks automatically that I
had to perform manually in C. In C, I had to use malloc() to 
allocate enough memory for my inventory arrays. I also had to calculate
how much memory was needed using sizeof(int). When I wanted to
make the inventory larger, I had to use realloc() to allocate 
enough memory for my inventory arrays. I also had to calculate 
how much memory was needed using sizeof(int). When I wanted to
make the inventory alrger, I had to use realloc() to request a 
larger block of memory. I also had to check whether malloc()
and realloc() returned NULL to make sure the allocation was
successful. Lastly, I had to use free() when I was finished with
the memory. In Python, I can simply create inventory = [] and use
append() without manually allocating or freeing the memory.
According to Resource 3, Python uses automatic memory Management
and garbage collect behind the scenes. When objects are created,
Python kepps track of them and their references. When an onject
is no longer being used or referneced, Python can identify thatt
the memory associated with the object is no longer needed. Python
uses reference counting as an important part of this process,
along with a garbage collector that can find reference cycles.
The garbage collector then helps reclaim memory that is no longer 
reachable. This means the programmer does not normally have to 
manually call something like C's free() everytime an object discarded.

Garbage Collection Trade-offs
Python's garbage collection makes programming easier, but it has
costs. The garbage collector has to use CPU cycles to check
objects and determine which memory can be reclaimed. It also
requires memory and other resources to keep track of objects and
their references. These processes can add overhead compared
with manually managing memory in C.
A systems programmer working on an operating system or embedded 
device might choose C because manual memory managment provides 
more direct control over memoru and system resources. An operating
system or small embedded device may have limited memory and strict
performance requirements. C allows programmers to decide exactly when
memory is allocated and released instead of depending on a garbage
collector to decide when cleanup happens. The trade-off is that 
the programmer must be careful because mistakes such as memory 
leaks, dangling pointers, and invalid meory access can cause serious
problems.